feat: add Nginx Ingress Controller Otel integration (#11285)
elastic/integrations: packages/nginx_ingress_controller_otel/docs/README.md

# Nginx Ingress Controller Integration

> This integration periodically fetches logs from [Nginx Ingress Controller](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration collects and parses logs from [Nginx Ingress Controller](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx)
```
Since `filelogreceiver` does not actually perform any fetches, just reads files.

Reviewer 2: These docs are autogenerated. 
Use the _dev folder reference from other intergrations for this

Author: @ishleenk17 How are these docs autogenerated? (I pushed them manually) Do you have a link to the corresponding documentation (elastic-package)?

Author: @ishleenk17 It seems the docs auto generation cannot be rendered as it expects some event access fields:

```
$ elastic-package build
Build the package
Error: updating files failed: updating readme file README.md failed: rendering Readme failed: executing template failed: template: README.md:17:2: executing "README.md" at <event "access">
```

I think we can go with a manual documentation for now, the autogeneration document is not able to generate the fields atm.

instances. It can parse access and error logs created by the ingress.

## Compatibility

The integration was tested with the Nginx Ingress Controller v0.30.0 and v0.40.2. The log format is described
[here](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/nginx-0.30.0/docs/user-guide/nginx-configuration/log-format.md).

**EDOT collector supported versions:** 8.16.0-SNAPSHOT

**OpenTelemetry collector components:**

- Filelog receiver v0.110.0+
- Transform processor v0.110.0+
- Resource detector processor v0.110.0+
- (Optional) GeoIP processor v0.110.0+
- Elasticsearch exporter v0.110.0+
- Filestorage extension v0.110.0+

## Usage

```yaml
extensions:
  file_storage:

receivers:
  filelog:
    include_file_path: true

>     include: [/var/log/pods/*/*/*.log]

Reviewer: Are we going to look into the whole Pods' log directory? I assume this is just an example and it's not a complete proposal but maybe we could add the container name into the pattern to make it more specific?

Otherwise we could make the `transform/parse_nginx_ingres*` to drop any log records that do not have a well defined K8s label? Sth like `app.kubernetes.io/name: ingress-nginx`? I'm just trying to understand how this docs will be realistically useful to the users in a K8s environment.

Author: That's a great idea, these are the annotations when deployed with Helm:

```
Labels:           app.kubernetes.io/component=controller
                  app.kubernetes.io/instance=nginx
                  app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=Helm
                  app.kubernetes.io/name=ingress-nginx
                  app.kubernetes.io/part-of=ingress-nginx
                  app.kubernetes.io/version=1.11.2
                  helm.sh/chart=ingress-nginx-4.11.2
                  pod-template-hash=69694fbd98
```

We could focus on `app.kubernetes.io/name=ingress-nginx` for now

Reviewer: Sounds good!

Author: I was checking how we could filter based on labels and If I am not mistaken, the filelog container operator does not include the Pod's label. If that is true, we would need to add the `k8sattributes` processor into the pipeline, which would require documenting the corresponding k8s service account.

@ChrsMark wdyt if for now we provide a configuration for the filelog receiver to just include the expected file? Example file path: `/var/log/pods/kube-system_nginx-ingress-nginx-controller-69694fbd98-rjbpz_dbaca8df-a14a-42af-b663-0ab0261d8c46/controller/0.log`

Include config:
`    include: [/var/log/pods/*nginx*/controller/*.log]`

Reviewer: Hmm right, then `include: [/var/log/pods/*nginx-ingress-nginx-controller*/controller/*.log]` should be fine?
